pDeptNo	varchar(3)	Unchecked
pENo	varchar(8)	Unchecked
pGCode	varchar(3)	Unchecked
pGender	varchar(10)	Checked
pName	varchar(40)	Checked
pFName	varchar(40)	Checked
pPrmntAdd	varchar(150)	Checked
pResAdd	varchar(70)	Checked
pCity	varchar(30)	Checked
pResPh	varchar(15)	Checked
pMobPh	varchar(15)	Checked
pIDNo	varchar(25)	Checked
pIDMark	varchar(50)	Checked
pDoB	varchar(10)	Unchecked
pDependents	int	Checked
pMChild	int	Checked
pFChild	int	Checked
pDoAppmnt	varchar(10)	Unchecked
pLstPrmtnDate	varchar(10)	Checked
pTaxNo	varchar(20)	Checked
pNoOfIncrements	int	Checked
pBankAcNo	varchar(15)	Checked
pBankCode	varchar(3)	Unchecked
pEOBINo	int	Checked
pTaxDed	int	Checked
pAdvDed	int	Checked
pSSNo	varchar(25)	Checked
pDSNo	varchar(3)	Unchecked
pPayScaleID	varchar(8)	Unchecked
pAnulIncmnt	numeric(10, 0)	Checked
pNewIncmnt	numeric(10, 0)	Checked
pBasicPay	numeric(10, 0)	Checked
pInBasic	numeric(10, 0)	Checked
pInBasic2010	numeric(10, 0)	Checked
pDearAllowance	int	Checked
pMessAllowance	int	Checked
pGPAllowance	int	Checked
pPMAllowance	int	Checked
pStationAllowance	int	Checked
pOtherAllowance	int	Checked
pIncAllowance	int	Checked
pEmployee	varchar(1)	Checked
pExDate	varchar(10)	Checked
pExReason	varchar(50)	Checked
pJobNature	varchar(1)	Checked
pDrCode	varchar(25)	Checked
pCrCode	varchar(25)	Checked
pSpouseName	varchar(30)	Checked
pEmgCntName	varchar(30)	Checked
pEmgCntPhone	varchar(15)	Checked
pShift	varchar(1)	Checked
pActive	bit	Checked
pContract	bit	Checked
pLeavingDate	varchar(10)	Checked
pLeavingReason	varchar(50)	Checked
pAlOHRent	numeric(18, 0)	Checked
pAlNHRent	numeric(18, 0)	Checked
pAlOTBill	numeric(18, 0)	Checked
pAlNTBill	numeric(18, 0)	Checked
pAlOServant	numeric(18, 0)	Checked
pAlNServant	numeric(18, 0)	Checked
pAlODriver	numeric(18, 0)	Checked
pAlNDriver	numeric(18, 0)	Checked
pAlOUtility	numeric(18, 0)	Checked
pAlNUtility	numeric(18, 0)	Checked
pAlOCony	numeric(18, 0)	Checked
pAlNCony	numeric(18, 0)	Checked
pAlOIncharge	numeric(18, 0)	Checked
pAlNIncharge	numeric(18, 0)	Checked
pPk_ID	numeric(10, 0)	Unchecked
pDateTime	datetime	Checked
pFix	bit	Checked
pSortId	int	Checked
	